Document use of TMPDIR required for remote plugin installation (#13056)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/configure.mdx

  [Packer's home directory](#packer-s-home-directory) for more.

- `PACKER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN` - When using Packer init on HCL2 templates, Packer

>   queries the public API from GitHub which limits the amount of queries on can
>   set the `PACKER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN` with a GitHub Token to make it higher.

Reviewer: Already present before but `queries on can set` reads weird, looks like we're missing some parts to this sentence.
```suggestion
  queries the public API from GitHub which has rate-limits on its APIs.
  You can set the `PACKER_GITHUB_API_TOKEN` environment variable
  with a GitHub Token to make it higher.
```
